README.md, before:

# KanoKariSearchBot
Discord Bot written in Javascript that searches for text in the Manga series KanoKari and tells the Chapter and Pages the query is located in.

*View Project History here* : [**HISTORY**](/HISTORY.md)

# Invite Link to Discord

[**Click here to open link**](https://discordapp.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=753546821573541919&scope=bot&permissions=75840)

# Rules to follow
*when adding to [KanoKariOCR.json](/KanoKariOCR.json)*

- All **lowercase** only.
- **NO special characters** aside from "*single quotation*" ( **'** ) and "*hyphen*" ( **-** ).
- Simplify lines like "*W-wh-whaat*" to just "*what*".
- *Chapter Page* with id **0** is the title of the chapter.
- No line breaks. All strings must be seperated by **spaces only**.
- Top most array is the latest chapter.

# Credits

**NOTE: Credits goes first to fansubs and scanlators who worked on the series.**

## Transcription :
- Me
	- Ch. 154 - 160
- [lapis (provider)](https://discordhub.com/profile/377748624337272836)
	- Ch. 001 - 153
	
## Editing (Formatting and Adding to [KanoKariOCR.json](/KanoKariOCR.json) file) :
- Me
	- Ch. 049 - 067
    - Ch. 084 - 102
	- Ch. 119 - 160
	
## Proofreading:
- Me

Commit message:

V1.5 (#3)
# Version 1.5.0
  **Changes to [KanoKariOCR.json] File:**
  - Added **Ch. 160.5** -> Title, Contents, Link, and Cover info.
  - Added **Ch. 68 - 83** -> Contents.
  - Added some missing texts.
  - Fixed Spelling mistakes.

README.md, after:

# KanoKariSearchBot
Discord Bot written in Javascript that searches for text in the Manga series KanoKari and tells the Chapter and Pages the query is located in.

*View Project History here* : [**HISTORY**](/HISTORY.md)

# String rules to follow
*when adding to [KanoKariOCR.json](/KanoKariOCR.json)*

- All **lowercase** only, *except for Chapter title*.
- *Chapter Page* with id **0** is the title of the chapter.
- **NO special characters**, aside from:
  - "*single quotation*" ( **'** )
  - "*hyphen*" ( **-** ).
- Simplify lines like "*Whaaaat*" to just "*what*".
- No line breaks. All strings must be separated by **spaces only**.
- Top most array is the latest chapter.

# Credits

**NOTE: Credits goes first to fansubs and scanlators who worked on the series.**

## Transcription :
- Me
	- Ch. 154 - 160
- [lapis (provider)](https://discordhub.com/profile/377748624337272836)
	- Ch. 001 - 153
	
## Editing (Formatting and Adding to [KanoKariOCR.json](/KanoKariOCR.json) file) :
- Me
	- Ch. 049 - 067
    - Ch. 084 - 102
	- Ch. 119 - 160
	
## Proofreading:
- Me
